Update mapping types. (#8024)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/mapping-types.rst

=============

Mapping types use the syntax ``mapping(_KeyType => _ValueType)`` and variables

> of mapping type are declared using the syntax ``mapping (_KeyType => _ValueType) _VariableName``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of mapping type are declared using the syntax ``mapping(_KeyType => _ValueType) _VariableName``.
```

Reviewer: Oder?

The ``_KeyType`` can be any
built-in value type plus ``bytes`` and ``string``. User-defined

> or complex types like contract types, enums, mappings, structs or array types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or complex types such as contract types, enums, mappings, structs or array types
```
